The biggest problem is that it cannot be achieved
Your example is right.
Non-Q has been running for a year
So far, there is no profit of a dime.
All internet companies in this era
Everything I know is not profitable.
This question
I don't know how to do that.
Wait until you sign with me
I will naturally tell you
How much are you willing to invest?
1 million
10 million a billion
What a billion
Why is there a problem?
No, I am very willing to accept your investment.
I hope you
Can work with me to make the best technology
Classmate question
Then you misunderstood me.
I am only responsible for investing
Does not participate in your joint management
You are not involved in the management
But I have a request.
I invested 500 million
You are not to leave this company for five years
OK, I'll sign it.